My performance in school has been great, it actually has improved a lot.
Whether it's because engaging with school the way I like to became surprisingly more accessible (that's probably a big reason, actually), I've been consistently more engaged overall and feeling checked in.
It probably has a lot to do, too, with the fact this all is occurring right as I finally started to cap off my education.
My life has been on pause. It's been suspended in a bubble, like it's not been real.
Yet, time's been passing all the way.
It's already been a year. Not only do I already feel like I've lost so much time, but I'm afraid of losing my youth.
Why should I be 22 when I didn't even get to be 21? These years are supposed to be crucial. They're not supposed to be slipping through my fingers like sand, or like something else I can never get back.
Will another entire age just get fucked down the drain? When this is all over, am I just going to wake up one day and find myself at 25? Because that's what this is feeling like.
Ugh, "when this is all over"... I hate saying that now, it just sounds like saying "once I'm not depressed anymore" or "I swear he's gonna change".
I know everyone else has grown a year older, too. but it's my early twenties... Losing a single year right now feels like so much. I feel like I'm LOSING, WASTING so much.
Ugh. I guess I shouldn't start thinking about all this.
But when is it good to stop that train of thought? I don't want to ignore these feelings, but I don't know how to engage with them halfway.
I'm not an emotionally constipated person, but if I really let myself start to think about it all, it's extremely exhausting. So most of the time, I put it off.
Funnily enough, and maybe it's because of that, but I feel like I've been weirdly more stable during this time; at least in some ways.
I had a check-in with one of my doctors last week, the last time I saw her was way back in June 2020, and she mentioned that my anxiety screener had gone WAY down, apparently.
I guess I never really thought about it, but I HAVE been less anxious; overall, on the day-to-day. I guess 'cause I have less going on... but like, in a good way?
But then of course, in the more broad sense, we're probably ALL more anxious now than ever... I mean, right?
Weird how that stuff works sometimes, huh?
Okay. You see, I know our lives have changed, and it's okay to think about it, but the thing is the entire situation is messed up in so many ways, there's so much to think about, it causes pain and anger and frustration...
and there's nothing I can do to just fix this situation so I just ask myself, "Do you really want to subject yourself to this train of thought right now?"
It's not like I'm painstakingly avoiding it all the time or being delusional about this all, though. Even though I don't wish to compartmentalize, I think it's good overall that I don't let it bear down on me all the time?
I mean, it's a weird situation. I wanna make sure I'm coping with this healthily, but also, even if I {i}am{/i} compartmentalizing or whatever, I seem to be coping and functioning pretty well all things considered.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it, right?
Yeah; funnily enough, I feel like I've been weirdly more stable during this time, at least in some ways.
I had a check-in with one of my doctors last week, the last time I saw her was way back in June 2020, and she mentioned that my anxiety screener had gone WAY down, apparently.
I guess I never really thought about it, but I HAVE been less anxious; overall, on the day-to-day. I guess 'cause I have less going on... but like, in a good way?
But then of course, in the more broad sense, we're probably ALL more anxious now than ever... I mean, right?
Weird how that stuff works sometimes, huh?
haven't writtne it yet
Speaking of wasting time, I still feel like I'm wasting so much even though time's already getting wasted out of my control.
I hate it, but at the same time, when time doesn't matter, how hard does that fucking make it to not go ahead and just waste the days yourself, too?
I don't want to WATCH my life pass me by. It's a paradox; on one hand, I want to be making the most out of my days right now. But on the other hand, I can't bear to watch my precious youth go inert.
There are some days where all I can bear to do is sleep.
Losing time usually makes me feel depressed, oversleeping usually leaves me with shame and guilt, but all our time's already been lost.
Just going through these motions each day hurts sometimes, feeling constantly that I'm heading nowhere, having to face my {i}devolution{/i} and {i}stagnancy{/i} day after day.
I can't decide how bad it is that in some ways, I'd love to just wake up when this is all over. But at the same time, waking up and it's one year, two years later, would make me wanna die.
I haven't written this part yet.
I know, right? I can't stop thinking about that. I thought I would be back at my dorm, back with my cat in a few weeks. I acted so ahead-of-time that it just felt precautionary, and now... it's March again.
I'm so good at just chugging along, not thinking about it, "taking it surprisingly well", but really, I'm just on autopilot. Trying to avoid burnout as much as I can.
How long is it gonna be? And will I go back to "normal" (whatever that is), remember how to be productive and function again? Or will I stay broken?
God, I just fucking wish that at least Midge were here. That's what hurts most of all. I just wish she was here.
I haven't written this part yet.
I haven't written this part yet.
